README.md, before:

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
<img src="https://github.com/IKJ1992/Shelf/blob/master/images/logo.PNG" width="35%" height="35%" align="right" />

# Shelf | a Wide and Open Shelf for AI and Data Science
Shelf is an open knowledge base for artificial intelligence and data science. There are items on Shelf that have been selected and evaluated by experts. We grow Shelf together gradually. Shelf has the following types of items:
## Contents
- [Papers](sections/papers.md)
- [Books](sections/books.md)
- [Courses](sections/courses.md)
- [Projects](sections/projects.md)
- [Models](sections/models.md)
- [Datasets](sections/datasets.md)
- [Follow it](sections/followit.md)


## Contributing
Your contributions are welcome! Please read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) before contributing.

Commit message:

telegram account was added for contrib

README.md, after:

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
<img src="https://github.com/IKJ1992/Shelf/blob/master/images/logo.PNG" width="35%" height="35%" align="right" />

# Shelf | a Wide and Open Shelf for AI and Data Science
Shelf is an open knowledge base for artificial intelligence and data science. There are items on Shelf that have been selected and evaluated by experts. We grow Shelf together gradually. Shelf has the following types of items:
## Contents
- [Papers](sections/papers.md)
- [Books](sections/books.md)
- [Courses](sections/courses.md)
- [Projects](sections/projects.md)
- [Models](sections/models.md)
- [Datasets](sections/datasets.md)
- [Follow it](sections/followit.md)


## Contributing
Your contributions are welcome! Please read the [contribution guidelines](contributing.md) before contributing. Also you can send your document or relevant resources to my telegram account: `@IKJ1992` easily.
