sections/books.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/IKJ1992/Shelf/blob/master/images/logo.PNG" width="35%" height="35%" align="right" />

# Shelf.Books

## Table Of Contents
- [Artificial Intelligence]()
  - [Machine Learning and Deep Learning]()
    - [Natural Language Processing](#natural-language-processing-nlp)
      - [Text Processing]()
      - [Speech Processing]()
        - [Text To Speech](#text-to-speech-tts)
    - [Machine Learning Design](#machine-learning-design)
    - [Art and Generation](#art-and-generation)
- [Big Data](#big-data)
- [Career in AI and DS](#career-in-ai-ds)
- [Programming](#programming)
- [AI-based Product Management](#ai-based-product-management)
      
    
## Text To Speech (TTS)
- [تبدیل متن به گفتار در زبان فارسی](../resources/%D8%AA%D8%A8%D8%AF%DB%8C%D9%84%20%D9%85%D8%AA%D9%86%20%D8%A8%D9%87%20%DA%AF%D9%81%D8%AA%D8%A7%D8%B1%20%D8%AF%D8%B1%20%D8%B2%D8%A8%D8%A7%D9%86%20%D9%81%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%B3%DB%8C.pdf)

## Natural Language Processing (NLP)
- [Natural Language Processing with Transformers Building Language Applications with Hugging Face](../resources/Natural%20Language%20Processing%20with%20Transformers%20Building%20Language%20Applications%20with%20Hugging%20Face.pdf)
- [Mastering Transformers Build state-of-the-art models from scratch with advanced natural language processing techniques](../resources/Mastering%20Transformers%20Build%20state-of-the-art%20models%20from%20scratch%20with%20advanced%20natural%20language%20processing%20techniques.pdf)

## Machine Learning Design
- [Designing Machine Learning Systems An Iterative Process for Production-Ready Applications](../resources/Designing%20Machine%20Learning%20Systems%20An%20Iterative%20Process%20for%20Production-Ready%20Applications.pdf)
- [Building Machine Learning Powered Applications Going from Idea to Product](../resources/Building%20Machine%20Learning%20Powered%20Applications%20Going%20from%20Idea%20to%20Product.pdf)


## Big Data
- [Mining of Massive Datasets](../resources/Mining%20of%20Massive%20Datasets.pdf)
- [Effective Data Science Infrastructure](../resources/Effective%20Data%20Science%20Infrastructure.pdf)
- [Designing Data-Intensive Applications The Big Ideas Behind Reliable, Scalable, and Maintainable Systems](../resources/Designing%20Data-Intensive%20Applications%20The%20Big%20Ideas%20Behind%20Reliable%2C%20Scalable%2C%20and%20Maintainable%20Systems.pdf)
- [Fundamentals of Data Engineering Plan and Build Robust Data Systems](../resources/Fundamentals%20of%20Data%20Engineering%20Plan%20and%20Build%20Robust%20Data%20Systems.pdf)

# Art and Generation

- [Generative Deep Learning: Teaching Machines to Paint, Write, Compose, and Play](../resources/Generative%20Deep%20Learning%20Teaching%20Machines%20to%20Paint%2C%20Write%2C%20Compose%2C%20and%20Play.pdf)
## Career in AI and DS

- [How to Build Your Career in AI](../resources/How%20to%20Build%20Your%20Career%20in%20AI.pdf)

## programming

- [Introduction to Algorithms](../resources/Introduction%20Data%20structure%20and%20solutions.pdf)

## AI-based Product Management

- [Lean AI How Innovative Startups Use Artificial Intelligence to Grow](../resources/Lean%20AI%20How%20Innovative%20Startups%20Use%20Artificial%20Intelligence%20to%20Grow.epub)

Commit message:

added new book about design pattern in ML

sections/books.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/IKJ1992/Shelf/blob/master/images/logo.PNG" width="35%" height="35%" align="right" />

# Shelf.Books

## Table Of Contents
- [Artificial Intelligence]()
  - [Machine Learning and Deep Learning]()
    - [Natural Language Processing](#natural-language-processing-nlp)
      - [Text Processing]()
      - [Speech Processing]()
        - [Text To Speech](#text-to-speech-tts)
    - [Machine Learning Design](#machine-learning-design)
    - [Art and Generation](#art-and-generation)
- [Big Data](#big-data)
- [Career in AI and DS](#career-in-ai-ds)
- [Programming](#programming)
- [AI-based Product Management](#ai-based-product-management)
      
    
## Text To Speech (TTS)
- [تبدیل متن به گفتار در زبان فارسی](../resources/%D8%AA%D8%A8%D8%AF%DB%8C%D9%84%20%D9%85%D8%AA%D9%86%20%D8%A8%D9%87%20%DA%AF%D9%81%D8%AA%D8%A7%D8%B1%20%D8%AF%D8%B1%20%D8%B2%D8%A8%D8%A7%D9%86%20%D9%81%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%B3%DB%8C.pdf)

## Natural Language Processing (NLP)
- [Natural Language Processing with Transformers Building Language Applications with Hugging Face](../resources/Natural%20Language%20Processing%20with%20Transformers%20Building%20Language%20Applications%20with%20Hugging%20Face.pdf)
- [Mastering Transformers Build state-of-the-art models from scratch with advanced natural language processing techniques](../resources/Mastering%20Transformers%20Build%20state-of-the-art%20models%20from%20scratch%20with%20advanced%20natural%20language%20processing%20techniques.pdf)

## Machine Learning Design
- [Designing Machine Learning Systems An Iterative Process for Production-Ready Applications](../resources/Designing%20Machine%20Learning%20Systems%20An%20Iterative%20Process%20for%20Production-Ready%20Applications.pdf)
- [Building Machine Learning Powered Applications Going from Idea to Product](../resources/Building%20Machine%20Learning%20Powered%20Applications%20Going%20from%20Idea%20to%20Product.pdf)

- [Machine Learning Design Patterns Solutions to Common Challenges in Data Preparation, Model Building, and MLOps](../resources/Machine%20Learning%20Design%20Patterns%20Solutions%20to%20Common%20Challenges%20in%20Data%20Preparation%2C%20Model%20Building%2C%20and%20MLOps.pdf)



## Big Data
- [Mining of Massive Datasets](../resources/Mining%20of%20Massive%20Datasets.pdf)
- [Effective Data Science Infrastructure](../resources/Effective%20Data%20Science%20Infrastructure.pdf)
- [Designing Data-Intensive Applications The Big Ideas Behind Reliable, Scalable, and Maintainable Systems](../resources/Designing%20Data-Intensive%20Applications%20The%20Big%20Ideas%20Behind%20Reliable%2C%20Scalable%2C%20and%20Maintainable%20Systems.pdf)
- [Fundamentals of Data Engineering Plan and Build Robust Data Systems](../resources/Fundamentals%20of%20Data%20Engineering%20Plan%20and%20Build%20Robust%20Data%20Systems.pdf)

# Art and Generation

- [Generative Deep Learning: Teaching Machines to Paint, Write, Compose, and Play](../resources/Generative%20Deep%20Learning%20Teaching%20Machines%20to%20Paint%2C%20Write%2C%20Compose%2C%20and%20Play.pdf)
## Career in AI and DS

- [How to Build Your Career in AI](../resources/How%20to%20Build%20Your%20Career%20in%20AI.pdf)

## programming

- [Introduction to Algorithms](../resources/Introduction%20Data%20structure%20and%20solutions.pdf)

## AI-based Product Management

- [Lean AI How Innovative Startups Use Artificial Intelligence to Grow](../resources/Lean%20AI%20How%20Innovative%20Startups%20Use%20Artificial%20Intelligence%20to%20Grow.epub)
