sections/papers.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/IKJ1992/Shelf/blob/master/images/logo.PNG" width="35%" height="35%" align="right" />

# Shelf.Papers 
papers, blog posts, powerpoints, and lecture notes are listed below:
## Table Of Contents
- [Artificial Intelligence]()
  - [Machine Learning and Deep Learning]()
    - [Deep Neural Networks]()
      - [Attention](#attention)
      - [Transformers](#transformers)
      - [Diffusion Models](#diffusion-models)
    - [Natural Language Processing]()
      - [Text Processing]()
        - [Corpus]()
        - [Natural language Understanding](#natural-language-understanding)
          - [Language Modeling](#language-modeling-lm)
        - [Natural language Generation]()
          - [Language Modeling](#language-modeling-lm)
          - [Paraphrase Generation](#paraphrase-generation)
        - [Information Retrieval](#information-retrieval)
        - [Sequence to Sequence Models](#sequence_to_sequence_models)
      - [Speech Processing]()
        - [Text To Speech](#text-to-speech-tts)
          - [Grapheme To Phoneme](#grapheme-to-phoneme-g2p)
        - [Speech Recognition](#speech-recognition-asr--stt)
        - [Speech Representation](#speech-representation)
        - [Speech Generation](#speech-generation)
      - [Neuroscience](#neuroscience)
        - [language](#language)
- [Research](#research)
- [Data Science](#data-science)
  - [Interview](#interview)
  - [Project Management](#project-management)
## Attention
- [All you need to know about ‘Attention’ and ‘Transformers’ — In-depth Understanding — Part 1](https://towardsdatascience.com/all-you-need-to-know-about-attention-and-transformers-in-depth-understanding-part-1-552f0b41d021)
## Transformers
- [A Gentle Introduction to Positional Encoding In Transformer Models, Part 1](https://machinelearningmastery.com/a-gentle-introduction-to-positional-encoding-in-transformer-models-part-1/#:~:text=Transformers%20use%20a%20smart%20positional,summed%20with%20its%20positional%20information.)
- [All you need to know about ‘Attention’ and ‘Transformers’ — In-depth Understanding — Part 2](https://towardsdatascience.com/all-you-need-to-know-about-attention-and-transformers-in-depth-understanding-part-2-bf2403804ada)
- [A Survey of Transformers](../resources/A%20Survey%20of%20Transformers.pdf)
- [Syntactic Knowledge-Infused Transformer and BERT models](../resources/Syntactic%20Knowledge-Infused%20Transformer%20and%20BERT.pdf)
- [The Illustrated Retrieval Transformer](https://jalammar.github.io/illustrated-retrieval-transformer/)
# Information Retrieval
- [Autoregressive Search Engines Generating Substrings as Document Identifiers](../resources/Autoregressive%20Search%20Engines%20Generating%20Substrings%20as%20Document%20Identifiers.pdf)

# Sequence to Sequence Models
- [BART Denoising Sequence-to-Sequence Pre-training for Natural Language Generation, Translation, and Comprehension](../resources/BART%20Denoising%20Sequence-to-Sequence%20Pre-training%20for%20Natural%20Language%20Generation%2C%20Translation%2C%20and%20Comprehension.pdf)
## Corpus
- [Lessons from building a Persian written corpus: Peykare](../resources/Bijankhan%20et%20al.%20-%202011%20-%20Lessons%20from%20building%20a%20Persian%20written%20corpus%20Pe.pdf)
## Language Modeling (LM)
- [Chain of Thought Prompting Elicits Reasoning in Large Language Models](../resources/Chain%20of%20Thought%20Prompting%20Elicits%20Reasoning%20in%20Large%20Language%20Models.pdf)
- [naab: A ready-to-use plug-and-play corpus for Farsi](../resources/naab%20A%20ready-to-use%20plug-and-play%20corpus%20for%20Farsi.pdf)
- [Diffusion-LM Improves Controllable Text Generation](../resources/Diffusion-LM%20Improves%20Controllable%20Text%20Generation.pdf)
- [Dont Stop Pretraining Adapt Language Models to Domains and Tasks](../resources/Dont%20Stop%20Pretraining%20Adapt%20Language%20Models%20to%20Domains%20and%20Tasks.pdf)
- [From English to Foreign Languages Transferring Pretrained Language Models](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.07306.pdf)
- [The Illustrated GPT-2 (Visualizing Transformer Language Models)](http://jalammar.github.io/illustrated-gpt2/)
- [How to generate text: using different decoding methods for language generation with Transformers](https://huggingface.co/blog/how-to-generate)

- [So retrieval is what we needed?](https://towardsai.net/p/l/so-retrieval-is-what-we-needed)
- [Improving language models by retrieving from trillions of tokens](../resources/Improving%20language%20models%20by%20retrieving%20from%20trillions%20of%20tokens.pdf)
## Text To Speech (TTS)
- [طراحی و ضبط پایگاه دادگان گفتاری برای سیستم های تبدیل متن به گفتار فارسی](../resources/%D8%B7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%AD%DB%8C%20%D9%88%20%D8%B6%D8%A8%D8%B7%20%D9%BE%D8%A7%DB%8C%DA%AF%D8%A7%D9%87%20%D8%AF%D8%A7%D8%AF%DA%AF%D8%A7%D9%86%20%DA%AF%D9%81%D8%AA%D8%A7%D8%B1%DB%8C%20%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%DB%8C%20%D8%B3%DB%8C%D8%B3%D8%AA%D9%85%20%D9%87%D8%A7%DB%8C%20%D8%AA%D8%A8%D8%AF%DB%8C%D9%84%20%D9%85%D8%AA%D9%86%20%D8%A8%D9%87%20%DA%AF%D9%81%D8%AA%D8%A7%D8%B1%20%D9%81%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%B3%DB%8C.pdf)
- [Guided-TTS A Diffusion Model for Text-to-Speech via Classifier Guidance](../resources/Guided-TTS%20A%20Diffusion%20Model%20for%20Text-to-Speech%20via%20Classifier%20Guidance.pdf)
- [A Survey on Neural Speech Synthesis](../resources/A%20Survey%20on%20Neural%20Speech%20Synthesis.pdf)
## Grapheme To Phoneme (G2P)
- [Multi-Module G2P Converter for Persian Focusing on Relations between Words](../resources/Multi-Module%20G2P%20Converter%20for%20Persian%20Focusing%20on%20Relations.pdf)
## Speech Recognition (ASR | STT)
- [Whisper Robust Speech Recognition via Large-Scale Weak Supervision](../resources/Whisper%20Robust%20Speech%20Recognition%20via%20Large-Scale%20Weak%20Supervision.pdf)
- [Massively Multilingual ASR on 70 Languages Tokenization, Architecture, and Generalization Capabilities](../resources/Massively%20Multilingual%20ASR%20on%2070%20Languages%20Tokenization%2C%20Architecture%2C%20and%20Generalization%20Capabilities.pdf)
- [TransFusion Transcribing Speech with Multinomial Diffusion](../resources/TransFusion%20Transcribing%20Speech%20with%20Multinomial%20Diffusion.pdf)
## Paraphrase Generation
- [ParaSCI: A Large Scientific Paraphrase Dataset for Longer Paraphrase Generation](../resources/ParaSCI%20A%20Large%20Scientific%20Paraphrase%20Dataset%20for%20Longer%20Paraphrase%20Generation.pdf)
- [ExaPPC: a Large-Scale Persian Paraphrase Detection Corpus](../resources/ExaPPC%20a%20Large-Scale%20Persian%20Paraphrase%20Detection.pdf)
- [Paraphrase Generation: A Survey of the State of the Art](../resources/Paraphrase%20Generation%20A%20Survey%20of%20the%20State%20of%20the%20Art.pdf)
- [Joint Copying and Restricted Generation for Paraphrase](../resources/Joint%20Copying%20and%20Restricted%20Generation%20for%20Paraphrase.pdf)
- [Paraphrasing with Large Language Models](../resources/Paraphrasing%20with%20Large%20Language%20Models.pdf)
- [Unsupervised Paraphrase Generation using Pre-trained Language Models](../resources/Unsupervised%20Paraphrase%20Generation%20using%20Pre-trained%20Language%20Models.pdf)
- [Unsupervised Paraphrasing with Pretrained Language Models](../resources/Unsupervised%20Paraphrasing%20with%20Pretrained%20Language%20Models.pdf)
- [Reformulating Unsupervised Style Transfer as Paraphrase Generation](../resources/Reformulating%20Unsupervised%20Style%20Transfer%20as%20Paraphrase%20Generation.pdf)
## Natural Language Understanding
- [PARSINLU: A Suite of Language Understanding Challenges for Persian](../resources/PARSINLU%20A%20Suite%20of%20Language%20Understanding%20Challenges%20for%20Persian.pdf)

- [Leveraging External Knowledge in NLU systems](../resources/Leveraging%20External%20Knowledge%20in%20NLU%20systems.pdf)

## Speech Representation
- [AST Audio Spectrogram Transformer](../resources/AST%20Audio%20Spectrogram%20Transformer.pdf)

## Speech Generation
- [Towards Efficient Diffusion-Based Speech Generation on CPU](../resources/Towards%20Efficient%20Diffusion-Based%20Speech%20Generation%20on%20CPU.pdf)
## Diffusion Models
- [Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models](../resources/Denoising%20Diffusion%20Probabilistic%20Models.pdf)
- [Generative Modeling by Estimating Gradients of the Data Distribution](https://yang-song.net/blog/2021/score/)
- Story of Diffusion Models [pptx](../resources/Story%20of%20Diffusion%20Models.pptx) [pdf]()
- [DiffuSeq Sequence to Sequence Text Generation with Diffusion Models](../resources/DiffuSeq%20Sequence%20to%20Sequence%20Text%20Generation%20with%20Diffusion%20Models.pdf)
-[Guided-TTS A Diffusion Model for Text-to-Speech via Classifier Guidance](../resources/Guided-TTS%20A%20Diffusion%20Model%20for%20Text-to-Speech%20via%20Classifier%20Guidance.pdf)
-[Imagic Text-Based Real Image Editing with Diffusion Models](../resources/Imagic%20Text-Based%20Real%20Image%20Editing%20with%20Diffusion%20Models.pdf)
- [TransFusion Transcribing Speech with Multinomial Diffusion](../resources/TransFusion%20Transcribing%20Speech%20with%20Multinomial%20Diffusion.pdf)
## Research
- [Strategies for writing a research paper](../resources/Strategies%20for%20writing%20a%20research%20paper.pdf)

## Interview
- [Data Science Interview Questions and Answers](../resources/Data%20Science%20Interview%20Questions%20and%20Answers.pdf)

## language
- [The Brain Basis of Language Processing From Structure to Function](../resources/The%20Brain%20Basis%20of%20Language%20Processing%20From%20Structure%20to%20Function.pdf)

## Project Management
- [Data Science Project Management (The New Guide For ML Teams)](https://neptune.ai/blog/data-science-project-management)

Commit message:

added a lecture about ML and Math

sections/papers.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/IKJ1992/Shelf/blob/master/images/logo.PNG" width="35%" height="35%" align="right" />

# Shelf.Papers 
papers, blog posts, powerpoints, and lecture notes are listed below:
## Table Of Contents
- [Artificial Intelligence]()
  - [Machine Learning and Deep Learning]()
    - [Deep Neural Networks]()
      - [Attention](#attention)
      - [Transformers](#transformers)
      - [Diffusion Models](#diffusion-models)
    - [Natural Language Processing]()
      - [Text Processing]()
        - [Corpus]()
        - [Natural language Understanding](#natural-language-understanding)
          - [Language Modeling](#language-modeling-lm)
        - [Natural language Generation]()
          - [Language Modeling](#language-modeling-lm)
          - [Paraphrase Generation](#paraphrase-generation)
        - [Information Retrieval](#information-retrieval)
        - [Sequence to Sequence Models](#sequence_to_sequence_models)
      - [Speech Processing]()
        - [Text To Speech](#text-to-speech-tts)
          - [Grapheme To Phoneme](#grapheme-to-phoneme-g2p)
        - [Speech Recognition](#speech-recognition-asr--stt)
        - [Speech Representation](#speech-representation)
        - [Speech Generation](#speech-generation)
      - [Neuroscience](#neuroscience)
        - [language](#language)
- [Research](#research)
- [Data Science](#data-science)
  - [Interview](#interview)
  - [Project Management](#project-management)

## Machine Learning and Deep Learning

- [Math essentials for ML](../resources/mathofmachinelearning.pdf)
## Attention
- [All you need to know about ‘Attention’ and ‘Transformers’ — In-depth Understanding — Part 1](https://towardsdatascience.com/all-you-need-to-know-about-attention-and-transformers-in-depth-understanding-part-1-552f0b41d021)
## Transformers
- [A Gentle Introduction to Positional Encoding In Transformer Models, Part 1](https://machinelearningmastery.com/a-gentle-introduction-to-positional-encoding-in-transformer-models-part-1/#:~:text=Transformers%20use%20a%20smart%20positional,summed%20with%20its%20positional%20information.)
- [All you need to know about ‘Attention’ and ‘Transformers’ — In-depth Understanding — Part 2](https://towardsdatascience.com/all-you-need-to-know-about-attention-and-transformers-in-depth-understanding-part-2-bf2403804ada)
- [A Survey of Transformers](../resources/A%20Survey%20of%20Transformers.pdf)
- [Syntactic Knowledge-Infused Transformer and BERT models](../resources/Syntactic%20Knowledge-Infused%20Transformer%20and%20BERT.pdf)
- [The Illustrated Retrieval Transformer](https://jalammar.github.io/illustrated-retrieval-transformer/)
# Information Retrieval
- [Autoregressive Search Engines Generating Substrings as Document Identifiers](../resources/Autoregressive%20Search%20Engines%20Generating%20Substrings%20as%20Document%20Identifiers.pdf)

# Sequence to Sequence Models
- [BART Denoising Sequence-to-Sequence Pre-training for Natural Language Generation, Translation, and Comprehension](../resources/BART%20Denoising%20Sequence-to-Sequence%20Pre-training%20for%20Natural%20Language%20Generation%2C%20Translation%2C%20and%20Comprehension.pdf)
## Corpus
- [Lessons from building a Persian written corpus: Peykare](../resources/Bijankhan%20et%20al.%20-%202011%20-%20Lessons%20from%20building%20a%20Persian%20written%20corpus%20Pe.pdf)
## Language Modeling (LM)
- [Chain of Thought Prompting Elicits Reasoning in Large Language Models](../resources/Chain%20of%20Thought%20Prompting%20Elicits%20Reasoning%20in%20Large%20Language%20Models.pdf)
- [naab: A ready-to-use plug-and-play corpus for Farsi](../resources/naab%20A%20ready-to-use%20plug-and-play%20corpus%20for%20Farsi.pdf)
- [Diffusion-LM Improves Controllable Text Generation](../resources/Diffusion-LM%20Improves%20Controllable%20Text%20Generation.pdf)
- [Dont Stop Pretraining Adapt Language Models to Domains and Tasks](../resources/Dont%20Stop%20Pretraining%20Adapt%20Language%20Models%20to%20Domains%20and%20Tasks.pdf)
- [From English to Foreign Languages Transferring Pretrained Language Models](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.07306.pdf)
- [The Illustrated GPT-2 (Visualizing Transformer Language Models)](http://jalammar.github.io/illustrated-gpt2/)
- [How to generate text: using different decoding methods for language generation with Transformers](https://huggingface.co/blog/how-to-generate)

- [So retrieval is what we needed?](https://towardsai.net/p/l/so-retrieval-is-what-we-needed)
- [Improving language models by retrieving from trillions of tokens](../resources/Improving%20language%20models%20by%20retrieving%20from%20trillions%20of%20tokens.pdf)
## Text To Speech (TTS)
- [طراحی و ضبط پایگاه دادگان گفتاری برای سیستم های تبدیل متن به گفتار فارسی](../resources/%D8%B7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D8%AD%DB%8C%20%D9%88%20%D8%B6%D8%A8%D8%B7%20%D9%BE%D8%A7%DB%8C%DA%AF%D8%A7%D9%87%20%D8%AF%D8%A7%D8%AF%DA%AF%D8%A7%D9%86%20%DA%AF%D9%81%D8%AA%D8%A7%D8%B1%DB%8C%20%D8%A8%D8%B1%D8%A7%DB%8C%20%D8%B3%DB%8C%D8%B3%D8%AA%D9%85%20%D9%87%D8%A7%DB%8C%20%D8%AA%D8%A8%D8%AF%DB%8C%D9%84%20%D9%85%D8%AA%D9%86%20%D8%A8%D9%87%20%DA%AF%D9%81%D8%AA%D8%A7%D8%B1%20%D9%81%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%B3%DB%8C.pdf)
- [Guided-TTS A Diffusion Model for Text-to-Speech via Classifier Guidance](../resources/Guided-TTS%20A%20Diffusion%20Model%20for%20Text-to-Speech%20via%20Classifier%20Guidance.pdf)
- [A Survey on Neural Speech Synthesis](../resources/A%20Survey%20on%20Neural%20Speech%20Synthesis.pdf)
## Grapheme To Phoneme (G2P)
- [Multi-Module G2P Converter for Persian Focusing on Relations between Words](../resources/Multi-Module%20G2P%20Converter%20for%20Persian%20Focusing%20on%20Relations.pdf)
## Speech Recognition (ASR | STT)
- [Whisper Robust Speech Recognition via Large-Scale Weak Supervision](../resources/Whisper%20Robust%20Speech%20Recognition%20via%20Large-Scale%20Weak%20Supervision.pdf)
- [Massively Multilingual ASR on 70 Languages Tokenization, Architecture, and Generalization Capabilities](../resources/Massively%20Multilingual%20ASR%20on%2070%20Languages%20Tokenization%2C%20Architecture%2C%20and%20Generalization%20Capabilities.pdf)
- [TransFusion Transcribing Speech with Multinomial Diffusion](../resources/TransFusion%20Transcribing%20Speech%20with%20Multinomial%20Diffusion.pdf)
## Paraphrase Generation
- [ParaSCI: A Large Scientific Paraphrase Dataset for Longer Paraphrase Generation](../resources/ParaSCI%20A%20Large%20Scientific%20Paraphrase%20Dataset%20for%20Longer%20Paraphrase%20Generation.pdf)
- [ExaPPC: a Large-Scale Persian Paraphrase Detection Corpus](../resources/ExaPPC%20a%20Large-Scale%20Persian%20Paraphrase%20Detection.pdf)
- [Paraphrase Generation: A Survey of the State of the Art](../resources/Paraphrase%20Generation%20A%20Survey%20of%20the%20State%20of%20the%20Art.pdf)
- [Joint Copying and Restricted Generation for Paraphrase](../resources/Joint%20Copying%20and%20Restricted%20Generation%20for%20Paraphrase.pdf)
- [Paraphrasing with Large Language Models](../resources/Paraphrasing%20with%20Large%20Language%20Models.pdf)
- [Unsupervised Paraphrase Generation using Pre-trained Language Models](../resources/Unsupervised%20Paraphrase%20Generation%20using%20Pre-trained%20Language%20Models.pdf)
- [Unsupervised Paraphrasing with Pretrained Language Models](../resources/Unsupervised%20Paraphrasing%20with%20Pretrained%20Language%20Models.pdf)
- [Reformulating Unsupervised Style Transfer as Paraphrase Generation](../resources/Reformulating%20Unsupervised%20Style%20Transfer%20as%20Paraphrase%20Generation.pdf)
## Natural Language Understanding
- [PARSINLU: A Suite of Language Understanding Challenges for Persian](../resources/PARSINLU%20A%20Suite%20of%20Language%20Understanding%20Challenges%20for%20Persian.pdf)

- [Leveraging External Knowledge in NLU systems](../resources/Leveraging%20External%20Knowledge%20in%20NLU%20systems.pdf)

## Speech Representation
- [AST Audio Spectrogram Transformer](../resources/AST%20Audio%20Spectrogram%20Transformer.pdf)

## Speech Generation
- [Towards Efficient Diffusion-Based Speech Generation on CPU](../resources/Towards%20Efficient%20Diffusion-Based%20Speech%20Generation%20on%20CPU.pdf)
## Diffusion Models
- [Denoising Diffusion Probabilistic Models](../resources/Denoising%20Diffusion%20Probabilistic%20Models.pdf)
- [Generative Modeling by Estimating Gradients of the Data Distribution](https://yang-song.net/blog/2021/score/)
- Story of Diffusion Models [pptx](../resources/Story%20of%20Diffusion%20Models.pptx) [pdf]()
- [DiffuSeq Sequence to Sequence Text Generation with Diffusion Models](../resources/DiffuSeq%20Sequence%20to%20Sequence%20Text%20Generation%20with%20Diffusion%20Models.pdf)
-[Guided-TTS A Diffusion Model for Text-to-Speech via Classifier Guidance](../resources/Guided-TTS%20A%20Diffusion%20Model%20for%20Text-to-Speech%20via%20Classifier%20Guidance.pdf)
-[Imagic Text-Based Real Image Editing with Diffusion Models](../resources/Imagic%20Text-Based%20Real%20Image%20Editing%20with%20Diffusion%20Models.pdf)
- [TransFusion Transcribing Speech with Multinomial Diffusion](../resources/TransFusion%20Transcribing%20Speech%20with%20Multinomial%20Diffusion.pdf)
## Research
- [Strategies for writing a research paper](../resources/Strategies%20for%20writing%20a%20research%20paper.pdf)

## Interview
- [Data Science Interview Questions and Answers](../resources/Data%20Science%20Interview%20Questions%20and%20Answers.pdf)

## language
- [The Brain Basis of Language Processing From Structure to Function](../resources/The%20Brain%20Basis%20of%20Language%20Processing%20From%20Structure%20to%20Function.pdf)

## Project Management
- [Data Science Project Management (The New Guide For ML Teams)](https://neptune.ai/blog/data-science-project-management)
